react-native: simplify source map processing flow (#333)
backtrace-labs/backtrace-javascript: examples/sdk/reactNative/README.md

2. `npm install`. If you're on iOS, navigate to the `ios` directory and run `pod install`
3. `npm run start` and pick desired platform

### Source maps

> The example application is already integrated with the source map support. Once you change the .backtracejsrc file, source maps should be automatically uploaded to your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example application is integrated with the source map support. Once you change the .backtracejsrc file, source maps will be automatically uploaded to your project.
```

Before executing any step:

> Please update .backtracejsrc file with your symbols submission URL and your sourcemap settings.

> Backtrace is compatible with metro build system. In order to enable source map support, set a `customSerializer` method in the `metro.config.js` file to a function `processSourceMap` available in the `@backtrace/react-native/processSourceMap`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backtrace is compatible with metro build system. To enable source map support, set a `customSerializer` method in the `metro.config.js` file to the `processSourceMap` function available in `@backtrace/react-native/processSourceMap`.
```

```
const { getDefaultConfig, mergeConfig } = require('@react-native/metro-config');
const backtraceSourceMapProcessor = require('@backtrace/react-native/processSourceMap');

const config = {
    serializer: {
        customSerializer: backtraceSourceMapProcessor.processSourceMap
    },
};
module.exports = mergeConfig(getDefaultConfig(__dirname), config);

```

> By adding Backtrace to the build chain, every time, your application is being prepared for the release builds, the Backtrace source map support will be automatically included.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
Add Backtrace to build automation to ensure every build has source map support.
```

In order to upload source maps to Backtrace, you can:

**On Android:**

> In the `app/build.gradle` enable source map support by uncommenting hermes source map flags. With additional parameters, source maps will be generated. To automatically upload them to Backtrace, you can use the gradle task available the @backtrace/react-native library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable source map support in `app/build.gradle` by uncommenting hermes source map flags. With additional parameters, source maps will be generated. To automatically upload them to Backtrace, you can use the gradle task available the @backtrace/react-native library.
```
